hello everybody today I'm gonna be
showing you two different ways that you
can install trunk check X words on your
iOS device
the first option uses a computer program
called I explore this option works with
both non-jailbroken and jailbroken
devices second option is I file and that
one only works with jailbroken devices
before we get started though I want to
go over some of the files that you're
going to need and run into while in
selling junk check X worlds in jump trek
X there are three different types of
worlds adventure creative and standalone
planets with all the worlds you get dot
dot files and you get a dot dot dot back
file however with adventure worlds you
get an extra folder in this folder it
holds more dot and dot dot dot back
files from all the different planets and
worlds that you have visited just in
that adventure world with that
information out of the way you can see
that today we are indeed installing an
adventure world if it was just a
creative or just a standalone world we
would only have these two files with
that out of the way let's get on with
the I explore option for installing
worlds with the I Explorer program lets
you do is open up your device and
basically have access to nearly every
file be sure to put a link in the
description to the AI file download keep
in mind that there is a demo version and
a full version but for what we're doing
today you're only going to need the demo
version after you've downloaded I
explore and have the world file you want
to install go ahead and open up i
explore and plug your device into your
computer you can see your today I'm
using Elfie aka my iPhone 5c which is
not jailbroken by the way first thing
you're gonna want to do is come over to
the sidebar on the left double click on
apps scroll down until you find junk
check X double click on that again go up
to documents double click again and then
worlds here you will see all of your
world files and now from here it's
pretty simple over here is the world
that I would like to add so I'm just
going to copy all the worlds drag them
over and just put them in keep in mind
that sometime
I file can be a little buggy and it
won't let you just drag over your files
so I'm gonna show you what to do if that
happens so if I file is being a little
derpy for you you're gonna want to come
up here left click on this top bar go to
add files search through until you find
the files that you want select them and
then open them you can notice it didn't
add the file though so we're gonna need
to come up here and add a new folder be
sure whoops
be sure to left and then right click and
that will make it so that you can rename
it and be sure to name it exactly what
it would be so it would be world if I
could type that would usually help there
we go
yes we would like to save and then you
need to open up this file go to the top
go to add files click on the world file
that you want to save copy the two files
in it and carry it over so you're
essentially you just made this file over
here you just remade the folder for it
and then transfer it all the files over
now onto the second option which is I
file again this can only be done on a
jailbroken device you have to get AI
file through Cydia
just go in there and search for AI file
it should be the first one for
downloading the file I'm just going to
use Safari I have a media fire that has
my download that I want so I'm just
gonna download it real quick now that I
have my file downloaded I want to open
it in I file once everything has open
click on archive err it's gonna go
through all this hit done and then we go
into world and here is our three files
so we're going to go ahead and select
all and then we want to come down to
this clipboard and hit copy slash link
we can hit done and go back to the home
page now if this is your first time
using AI file you want to come over to
this little cog on the left go in
file manager and click application names
on if you don't have that on it's just
going to be a bunch of numbers and
letters and literally nothing will make
sense so now we're back at the home we
want to go applications we want to
scroll through till we find junk check X
go documents and then worlds these are
all of my worlds and then I just want to
touch and hold and then just paste it's
going to paste in all those files and
then there we go there's the world dat
the world dot back and if we scroll up
there's the world file so everything is
installed and that is about it for
today's tutorial if you ran into any
problems or you have any questions
please feel free to ask them in the
comments down below I will try to answer
as many of them as I can and I think
that's about it please like and
subscribe and all that stuff and thank
you goodbye